fix: add MethodNotSupportedError name to driver-not-found errors (#70)
digitalbazaar/did-io: CHANGELOG.md

# did-io ChangeLog

> ## 2.1.2 - 2026-05-28

Reviewer: The date has to be set by the release tools -- and those require a commit to be generated to work, so we leave `dd` or `mm-dd` as a pattern here:

```suggestion
## 2.1.2 - 2026-05-dd
```

### Fixed

> - `CachedResolver` now sets `err.name = 'MethodNotSupportedError'` on errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CachedResolver` now sets the error name to `NotSupportedError` on errors
```
